README.md, before:

# CapeTowns_Best_Bits

This is my MileStone Project for Code Ins
Bugs:
toggle is not working probaly with showing and hiding the hidden tabs
Had a issue with footer jumping up and down when my divs where shoing and hiding: Fix-added Display Flex to Body and added margin-Top: auto / to footer.

Google Maps Help: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/geolocation

# The Peninsula Ballet School

### User-Centric Frontend Development - _Code institute_

---

The _Peninsula Ballet school_ website is to show potential students and parents what the school is all about,
It has five pages that contain the essential information that the client and User stories have highlighted.

My clients brief was that she wanted an **_elegant_** website, with information at a click of a button.
The overall goal is to get more new students and give information to the existing students and parents.

---

## Demo

A live demo can found **_[Here](https://clinton-davis.github.io/peninsulaballet/)_**

---

## UX

### User Stories

### Strategy

### Scope

### Structure.

<details>
<summary>Landing page (index.html)</summary><br> 
This is the first thing they would see. In this page, I wanted to give a general overall feed for the site, Elegant and simple with a direct link to the enrollment form and to enter the cite. 
</details>
<br>

### Skeletons

#### Wireframe Mockups

- [Landing page](<https://github.com/Clinton-Davis/peninsulaballet/blob/master/wireframes/landing-page-(Index.html).png>)

### Surface

-

---

## Technologies

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
- [CSSMatric](https://cssmatic.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)
- [Bitly \| URL Shortener](https://bitly.com/)
- [Google maps](https://www.google.com/maps)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-ie/)
  https://openweathermap.org/api

---

## Features

### Features Left to Implement

---

## Testing

Reading the user stories, gave me a good insight as to where and what the site needed to be and what to show,

- In the Teachers section, you will be able to find information on the teachers and their qualifications and also a brief description of the history of the school.
- On the Attire page is a description of the clothes (uniforms) that are needed and links to outlets/shops on a Google maps page. Here they can get directions to the physical address and webpages.
- In the Locations page there are addresses and Google Maps links to the studios. On the Schedule page there is a detailed table with Location Grade and Times, with a downloadable PDF

I used Visual Studio to make the site which has an extention called live server, this enabled me open an instance of Chrome to see live updates on what changes I have made. When I make a change to a design element, I then a look in the Developer tool that is provided to see how it works on different screen sizes and resolutions.

I used GitHub web hosting service called Gitpages to host an instance of the page, I then went through all the pages and links in the Nav Bar and footer to make sure they work, and make sure my: _target="\_blank"_ - is working as planned.

I do this for every page, and I use the different browsers, *Chrome, FireFox, Windows Edge, Safari.\*\* In each browser, I try to break the layout. In *Chrome and FireFox\*, I make use of the preset they have for mobile/tablets. On the other browsers, I resize the window manually to see their response.

I also viewed it on different mobile phone types to see how it worked.

<details>
<summary>List of Moblie devices I've tested on</summary> 
<ul>
<li>iPhone 4 / 6 / 8</li>
<li>Samsung J5 / A5</li>
<li>Sony Xperia 10</li>
<li>Mi A3</li>
<li>iPad</li>
</details>
<br>
The next stage of testing was external testing. I sent the code and the webpage into peer-to-peer code testing in Code Institute section on Slack.

### Bugs

The side scroll on burger deployment needs to be sorted out.
when you click on the wind icon the map opens up.
Links to be fixed on google:
-chef wherehouse
-water bykes
-jaonker hiuse
Click on Jonkers Hiuse and the map apeared at the bottum of the page and not as the main part.
same on Snookies to wil have to look at the mainPageFunction.js

## Deployment

<details>
<summary>To deploy on GitHub pages:</summary>
<br>
<ol>
<li> </li>

</ol>
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Clone to a work station</summary>
<br>
<ol>
<ol>
</details>

---

### Credits

##### Design:

##### Content:

##### Media:

-

- [Shutterstock](https://www.shutterstock.com/home)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
- and have [CC licences](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_license) or paid Standard licences.

### Acknowledgements

For the use of code and knowledge.

- [YouTube - Kevin Powell](https://www.youtube.com/user/KepowOb) for code snippets and [Sticky footer](https://bit.ly/2NAFAgW) advice
- [CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) website for help with [BackGround Image](https://css-tricks.com/perfect-full-page-background-image/) / [Overflow](https://css-tricks.com/the-css-overflow-property/) / [FlexBox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) / code and Documentation.
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) for code snippets and documentation with [Creating a Custom Scrollbar](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_custom_scrollbar.asp) / General research on HTML CSS and Bootstrap implementation.
- [CSSMatric](https://cssmatic.com/) for [Box Shadow Generator ](https://cssmatic.com/box-shadow)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/) for documentation on how to [Deploy GitPages](https://bit.ly/2Kc5u8N) and [How to Clone Repository](https://bit.ly/32Emdbc).
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) for fonts and code snippets
- [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-ie/) community for Testing / Encouragement / Code Snippets and pointers.

Commit message:

added javasscirpt to get differant back to btn and got the right ones with event.target.classList

README.md, after:

# CapeTowns_Best_Bits

This is my MileStone Project for Code Ins
Bugs:
toggle is not working probaly with showing and hiding the hidden tabs
Had a issue with footer jumping up and down when my divs where shoing and hiding: Fix-added Display Flex to Body and added margin-Top: auto / to footer.

Google Maps Help: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/geolocation

# The Peninsula Ballet School

### User-Centric Frontend Development - _Code institute_

---

The _Peninsula Ballet school_ website is to show potential students and parents what the school is all about,
It has five pages that contain the essential information that the client and User stories have highlighted.

My clients brief was that she wanted an **_elegant_** website, with information at a click of a button.
The overall goal is to get more new students and give information to the existing students and parents.

---

## Demo

A live demo can found **_[Here](https://clinton-davis.github.io/peninsulaballet/)_**

---

## UX

### User Stories

### Strategy

### Scope

### Structure.

<details>
<summary>Landing page (index.html)</summary><br> 
This is the first thing they would see. In this page, I wanted to give a general overall feed for the site, Elegant and simple with a direct link to the enrollment form and to enter the cite. 
</details>
<br>

### Skeletons

#### Wireframe Mockups

- [Landing page](<https://github.com/Clinton-Davis/peninsulaballet/blob/master/wireframes/landing-page-(Index.html).png>)

### Surface

-

---

## Technologies

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
- [CSSMatric](https://cssmatic.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)
- [Bitly \| URL Shortener](https://bitly.com/)
- [Google maps](https://www.google.com/maps)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-ie/)
  https://openweathermap.org/api

---

## Features

### Features Left to Implement

---

## Testing

Reading the user stories, gave me a good insight as to where and what the site needed to be and what to show,

- In the Teachers section, you will be able to find information on the teachers and their qualifications and also a brief description of the history of the school.
- On the Attire page is a description of the clothes (uniforms) that are needed and links to outlets/shops on a Google maps page. Here they can get directions to the physical address and webpages.
- In the Locations page there are addresses and Google Maps links to the studios. On the Schedule page there is a detailed table with Location Grade and Times, with a downloadable PDF

I used Visual Studio to make the site which has an extention called live server, this enabled me open an instance of Chrome to see live updates on what changes I have made. When I make a change to a design element, I then a look in the Developer tool that is provided to see how it works on different screen sizes and resolutions.

I used GitHub web hosting service called Gitpages to host an instance of the page, I then went through all the pages and links in the Nav Bar and footer to make sure they work, and make sure my: _target="\_blank"_ - is working as planned.

I do this for every page, and I use the different browsers, *Chrome, FireFox, Windows Edge, Safari.\*\* In each browser, I try to break the layout. In *Chrome and FireFox\*, I make use of the preset they have for mobile/tablets. On the other browsers, I resize the window manually to see their response.

I also viewed it on different mobile phone types to see how it worked.

<details>
<summary>List of Moblie devices I've tested on</summary> 
<ul>
<li>iPhone 4 / 6 / 8</li>
<li>Samsung J5 / A5</li>
<li>Sony Xperia 10</li>
<li>Mi A3</li>
<li>iPad</li>
</details>
<br>
The next stage of testing was external testing. I sent the code and the webpage into peer-to-peer code testing in Code Institute section on Slack.

### Bugs

Talk about how to got the back to btn to foodie or sights or adv
The side scroll on burger deployment needs to be sorted out.
when you click on the wind icon the map opens up.
Links to be fixed on google:
-chef wherehouse
-water bykes
-jaonker hiuse
Click on Jonkers Hiuse and the map apeared at the bottum of the page and not as the main part.
same on Snookies to wil have to look at the mainPageFunction.js

## Deployment

<details>
<summary>To deploy on GitHub pages:</summary>
<br>
<ol>
<li> </li>

</ol>
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Clone to a work station</summary>
<br>
<ol>
<ol>
</details>

---

### Credits

##### Design:

##### Content:

##### Media:

-

- [Shutterstock](https://www.shutterstock.com/home)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
- and have [CC licences](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_license) or paid Standard licences.

### Acknowledgements

For the use of code and knowledge.

- [YouTube - Kevin Powell](https://www.youtube.com/user/KepowOb) for code snippets and [Sticky footer](https://bit.ly/2NAFAgW) advice
- [CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) website for help with [BackGround Image](https://css-tricks.com/perfect-full-page-background-image/) / [Overflow](https://css-tricks.com/the-css-overflow-property/) / [FlexBox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) / code and Documentation.
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) for code snippets and documentation with [Creating a Custom Scrollbar](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_custom_scrollbar.asp) / General research on HTML CSS and Bootstrap implementation.
- [CSSMatric](https://cssmatic.com/) for [Box Shadow Generator ](https://cssmatic.com/box-shadow)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/) for documentation on how to [Deploy GitPages](https://bit.ly/2Kc5u8N) and [How to Clone Repository](https://bit.ly/32Emdbc).
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) for fonts and code snippets
- [Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-ie/) community for Testing / Encouragement / Code Snippets and pointers.
